Updates for both Jubrunr and Spring Boot 3 (#303)
AxonIQ/reference-guide: axon-framework/modules.md

>
> During the migration of Java EE to the Eclipse Foundation, ["Eclipse and Oracle have agreed that the `javax` package namespace cannot be evolved by the Jakarta EE community"](https://eclipse-foundation.blog/2019/05/03/jakarta-ee-java-trademarks/). With the release of the Jakarta EE 9 Platform, the `javax` package names were officially and finally renamed as `jakarta`. The change impacts a few APIs that Axon Framework uses, like `inject-api`, `persistence-api`, `validation-api`. Furthermore, it impacts third-party technologies often used with Axon, such as Spring and Hibernate.
>

> > All code that uses the affected annotations has been updated to use the `jakarta` namespace. The variants using a `javax` namespace have been deprecated. They can be found in `legacy_jpa` packages across the Messaging, Modeling, Event Sourcing and Spring Boot Starter modules. Since we moved to using the `jakarta` namespace by default, the `-jakarta` modules introduced with 4.6.0 are no longer available. If you are using Spring auto configuration, it should still use the `javax` namespace, as long as you are using Spring Boot 2. This is done by checking the `EntityProvider` class provided by Spring Boot.

Reviewer: I guess it should be `EntityManager` i.o. `EntityProvider`, right?
```suggestion
> All code that uses the affected annotations has been updated to use the `jakarta` namespace. The variants using a `javax` namespace have been deprecated. They can be found in `legacy_jpa` packages across the Messaging, Modeling, Event Sourcing and Spring Boot Starter modules. Since we moved to using the `jakarta` namespace by default, the `-jakarta` modules introduced with 4.6.0 are no longer available. If you are using Spring auto configuration, it should still use the `javax` namespace, as long as you are using Spring Boot 2. This is done by checking the `EntityManager` class provided by Spring Boot.
```

Author: actually it's the `EntityManagerFactory` class.

> > All code that uses the affected annotations has been updated to use the `jakarta` namespace. The variants using a `javax` namespace have been deprecated. They can be found in `legacy_jpa` packages across the Messaging, Modeling, Event Sourcing and Spring Boot Starter modules. Since we moved to using the `jakarta` namespace by default, the `-jakarta` modules introduced with 4.6.0 are no longer available. If you are using Spring auto configuration, it should still use the `javax` namespace, as long as you are using Spring Boot 2. This is done by checking the `EntityManagerFactory` class provided by Spring Boot.

Reviewer: There's no underscore in the package name if I recall correctly:

```suggestion
> All code that uses the affected annotations has been updated to use the `jakarta` namespace. The variants using a `javax` namespace have been deprecated. They can be found in `legacyjpa` packages across the Messaging, Modeling, Event Sourcing and Spring Boot Starter modules. Since we moved to using the `jakarta` namespace by default, the `-jakarta` modules introduced with 4.6.0 are no longer available. If you are using Spring auto configuration, it should still use the `javax` namespace, as long as you are using Spring Boot 2. This is done by checking the `EntityManagerFactory` class provided by Spring Boot.
```
